fix: describe database latency requirements (#366)
cdr/docs: guides/deployments/postgres.md

## Background

For convenience and ease of installation, Coder's default Helm Chart settings

> will  [PostgreSQL database](https://www.postgresql.org/) within the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
will deploy a [PostgreSQL database](https://www.postgresql.org/) within the
```

Author: fixed, thank you

installation's Kubernetes namespace. This is useful for evaluation purposes;

> however, we **recommend using an out-of-cluster database for production**, to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
however, we **recommend using an out-of-cluster database for production** to
```

Author: fixed, ty

> streamline maintenance operations, such as backups and upgrades. The database

Reviewer: and for reliability

Author: I don't think we want to imply that running postgres in our namespace is _unreliable_, do we?

> container is not backed up and will be lost when deleting the namespace or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
data is not backed up and will be lost when deleting the namespace or
```

Author: "database data" sounds funny to me so I went with "database state"

Kubernetes cluster.

> For optimal performance, it is important to ensure that the round-trip latency
> between the Coder control plane services and the database is low. We recommend

> > ensuring that the database is within the same datacenter as the control plane,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> ensuring that the database is within the same data center as the control plane,
```

Author: fixed, thanks!

> > such as within the same cloud availability zone.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> or within the same availability zone within a cloud provider.
```

Author: I used this phrasing to distinguish between deploying within the same region, but not the same AZ. I think "same availability zone" is understood to mean "within the same cloud provider", no?

Most of the clouds use "availability zone" to refer to a specific failure domain (e.g. power supplies, building, etc) and we would typically consider this to be the same data center. There are sometimes multiple availability zones that are different buildings in close proximity within a region, so latency is still low in that case.

I think as long as users can guarantee low latency, it doesn't matter where the database is, so we shouldn't be prescriptive that this _must_ be in the same AZ.

## Background

For convenience and ease of installation, Coder's default Helm Chart settings
will deploy a [PostgreSQL database](https://www.postgresql.org/) within the
installation's Kubernetes namespace. This is useful for evaluation purposes;
however, we **recommend using an out-of-cluster database for production** to
streamline maintenance operations, such as backups and upgrades. The database
state is *not* backed up and will be lost when deleting the Kubernetes namespace
or cluster.

> For optimal performance, it is important to ensure that the round-trip latency
> between the Coder control plane services and the database is low. We recommend
> ensuring that the database is within the same data center as the control

> > plane, such as within the same cloud availability zone. If the latency exceeds
> > 10ms under load, users may observe significantly degraded experience.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> plane, such as within the same cloud availability zone.
```

Author: Isn't it useful to have some sort of criteria so that people know what "a lot" looks like?

Reviewer: We don't give any instructions for how to calculate "latency under load" so we should avoid giving them numbers like this. I think the rest of the paragraph does a good enough job of conveying that the latency should be in the low milliseconds or sub-millisecond range.

Author: I dunno, that seems like a little too read-between-the-lines thing to me, but I don't feel strongly enough about this to hold up this PR, will remove that line

   password:

   ```console
   kubectl get secrets --namespace=<your-coder-namespace>
   ```

Set the database name, port number, user, and password secret created in the

> prior steps [in your Helm settings (values file)](../admin/helm-charts.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
prior steps [in your Helm values file](../admin/helm-charts.md).
```

Author: fixed

> Coder's control plane will use these credentials to authenticate with your

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Coder will use these credentials to connect to your
```

Author: fixed

To install Coder:

```console
helm install coder coder/coder --namespace=<your-coder-namespace> --version=<VERSION> --values=current-values.yml
```

To upgrade Coder:

```console
helm upgrade coder coder/coder --namespace=<your-coder-namespace> --version=<VERSION> --values=current-values.yml
```

> Once you complete this process, you'll be able to access Coder using the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once this process is completed, you'll be able to access Coder using the
```

Author: Say no to passive sentences, IMO :no_good: - will defer to @khorne3 on this one

Reviewer 2: Yep, active voice. Thanks!
